Add notice about end of life and link to the new module (#3)
PrestaShop/blockmyaccount: Readme.md

# My Account block

---

**This module has reached end-of-life and is no longer maintained.**

It has been remade for PrestaShop 1.7: https://github.com/PrestaShop/ps_customeraccountlinks

---

## About

> Displays a block with links relative to a user\'s account in PrestaShop 1.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays a block with links relative to a user's account in PrestaShop 1.6.
```
